Placeholder for roles folderPierce Wexler:
The role I fulfilled on the team was primarily the practical implementation of our design into our selected tech stack. 
Throughout the phases I kept my contributions to our design and schema with the practical application in mind (foreign keys for data relations, 
certain columns useful for frontend display, etc.). During the later phases I worked primarily on setting up the db schema in MySQL via workbench, 
setting up the GitHub repo, creating and implementing the frontend via React JS, and creating and implementing the backend business logic 
via Node.js (Express). Key application contributions include the user authentication system (makes use of only storing an encrypted password 
hash, supports password change, JWT signing and verifying, and protected endpoints.), endpoints related to CRUD operations (including complex 
joins for frontend data display), and overall user experience/flow (update/delete via table system, image support, etc.). I made edits and 
contributions to this report, mainly focusing on the screenshots of the running application and their descriptions as well as the user auth 
explanations. 

Abhigna Koochana:
I helped develop the initial design of our project as well as brainstorming ideas. Once finalized, I worked on refining the concept to make 
sure it aligns with the project goals. I helped plan out  the system structure, including identifying users, entities, and relationships. 
In addition, I contributed to the development of our schema and ER diagrams. I also contributed to the written documentation throughout each 
stage of the project as well as the video submission for one of the phases, ensuring that our initial demo was clear and encompassing. 

Zara Kidwell:
During the initial phases of this project, I helped design our relational database schema, including deciding which attributes each 
entity would have and the relationships between them. I also contributed to the initial written reports. Once we began developing our 
interface, I contributed to implementing the core CRUD operations to connect our Node.js backend with our MySQL database. Additionally, 
I helped redesign our GUI to improve the user experience and ensure the interface is intuitive and visually cohesive.

Timothy Kim:
My role on the team was helping develop the initial structure of the application and finalizing the written reports for each stage of 
the project. Much of my contribution focused on planning and documentation. On the planning side, I helped shape the early direction of 
the Animal Shelter Manager by developing the initial project idea, thinking through how the shelter workflow should be represented, and 
helping map out the relationships between users, entities, and system functions. This included contributing to the early diagrams and 
written structure that guided how 
